good morning and welcome to the show
first of all my team I'm great I'm great
I'm looking forward to this dish it's
very simple the flavors are superb well
the thing about is when I cook I might
just sort of like blend food like our
people to blend in these days all these
different ingredient can you put them
together so simple trick and breath
cheap eating money yeah take it what
we're gonna do we're just going to baby
clean up first form which we call French
trim in now well but I like to show off
the knuckle a bit they can see the bone
if you want to get your butcher to do
this yes you can do you're pretty good I
know I'm doing this place he just needs
a pop on the knife yeah and I just grate
back the meat after I've just cut around
the top and you see it comes away quite
easy yep just like that and then use a
awesome part of the knife yeah just
remove that it's a simple tap and it's
out of the way okay so the breast is
ready now set forth yep thank you very
much you leave the fill it on and what
we're gonna do is season it and we in a
pan fry it and place it into the oven so
we'll get that done
place a bit of oil into the pan now you
talked about your influences from around
the world you started off really as
first in London at the Savoy three Savoy
Hotel mr. Adelman and it gave you some
different advice about relationships as
well Denny when you first oh yeah I
remember when I first went for me and I
was terrified for you know all these
chef Anisha chef jacket he said me
listen young man you better go home and
tell your girlfriend this is the first
thing so I knew I had a job they have
you got a girlfriend I said yes chef he
said what go home and tell it's all over
and I actually did that went home and I
told her this and never looked back
it was probably a cheapest thing you've
ever done to me face it we've got the
chicken never gonna get nice
golden-brown yeah then we're gonna get
golden brown on the other side and place
it straight into the oven while that's
cooking then we can play around with you
red for the ingredient so presentation
side is always a fire that you're gonna
show when it's cooked yeah that's the
secret with butter and olive oil it gets
that nice color about it and the
temperature from the oil yeah all get
problem and then bottom so here we are
five golden bone minder fingered defer
know about I went to put their nail
funny food thank you
them quickly wash my in Allen's this one
a cooking here but that's gonna be about
on two hundred electric yeah six mark
six I'm talking about between six seven
minutes yeah like you
the sound was really so right hands
cleaned those think the juice to the
rest of the ingredients here I've got
some garlic stems a nice to tight
on both from the pie region now these
are quite interesting because people
I've seen these in sort of Chinese
supermarkets you can buy these guy just
two different times I just thought I'd
show you I'm going to use these mugs
there and you've never gone they're
quite hard out there we need to be very
hard but it takes really mild garlic
leeks okay just going to quickly just
cut them just come a few in there and
these already prepped so you don't have
to clean them or anything like that
they've already been cleaned down
finally most the oriental shots already
cleaned up right so listen juice
arresting the ingredients here we have
the plantain right that's the largest
member of the banana family yeah
applauding that's too large because when
it's green it's considered as a
vegetable yeah and once it's ripe it's
considered as a fruit yeah so I like to
use them while they're ripe my family
back in Caribbean they like to use it
when it's green I like to cut up really
small put it into this juice electric
drive a look at it in furnace and we
look at it in the middle take off the
top like that I'm just going to use half
of it but it also makes great chips as
well a break from this it's a
fascinating fascinating vegetable
through this